Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, we are going to be seeing Anthony Ray Whitmer, here's report is normal.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we're going to see Donna Howard, same thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we're going to see a new patient Vicki French she is not new, but she's reinstating after seeing Dr fig last month, but not following through. Her name is Vicki French
Dr. Belis Aladag: In her cures was also normal
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello, hi, Donna.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can we unmute you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi, how are you
Donna Howard: I'm doing better this week. Sorry, I didn't make it to grip day. I live in a really rural small town and the internet just was not working. It kept cutting out and cutting out so
Donna Howard: That's why I started checking in at three o'clock because I almost forgot about it. I just got back from grocery shopping
Donna Howard: And it took time to check in and then we're checking in and talking about my labs and stuff and then right when she's going to give me your number they check in with you it disconnected. So to do it all over again. That's my boy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, sweet. Oh, hi.
Oh,
Donna Howard: He'll be seven.
On mater.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nice to meet you.
Donna Howard: Thank you. Thank you. OK. Now go play some, I don't know, Dr. K. Thank you, David.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, so, uh, okay. So hold on one
Dr. Belis Aladag: Second, Anthony.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to put you your, your audio is not connected anyway. But just so you know I'm going to be talking to Donna first and then I'll
Dr. Belis Aladag: Move on to. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Donna, I see what's going on. I'm wondering, is it helpful.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Would it be
Donna Howard: Helpful for you to try to find like a hotspot like a Starbucks are
Donna Howard: There is there is one
Donna Howard: There is one
Donna Howard: Like maybe a half mile mile down the road.
Donna Howard: But what I'm
Donna Howard: Wednesday, I believe it is it'll be done this week. Next week is I'm just going to go and get by internet for well unless my Wi Fi gets connected in my new house, by the way, because it's my neighbors. Okay.
Donna Howard: Yeah, and I'm sitting right next to their house right now. So, but mine should be hopefully sometime in the next week or two, but if not, I'm gonna buy a card for my phone with extra data for
Yeah.
Donna Howard: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The worst case you just drive out to a spot.
Donna Howard: That is better, and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, OK. No problem. But you're doing okay. You look good is
Donna Howard: Doing a lot better. This week I did.
Donna Howard: Make my I was really stressed about making my bills. This month because it was the other part of the deposit and stuff. And we made it so that was a big relief. So now I can actually celebrate having my own place and start making it home and moving furniture and stuff in.
Donna Howard: So yeah, I've been having my son. I'm going to start having them a lot more just because he's going crazy and his behavior. He's not in a routine and schedule and neither am I. When the weeks. He's not here, and it's just too much on everybody to be here. One weekend then did not
Sure.
Donna Howard: I'm doing a lot
Donna Howard: Okay.
Donna Howard: Awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm glad and you look better. You look brighter and happier.
Donna Howard: Thank you. I feel better. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good, good. Okay. I'm glad and
Dr. Belis Aladag: The ladies, Miss do but
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll see. We'll see you to that usual time though works for you, right, because
Donna Howard: Yeah, the Times good in everything Monday at 10 and stuff. It just, it was the day, it's been the damn internet because of the weather so bad and I live in such a role small town.
Donna Howard: But it's to get better. I have
Donna Howard: A COUPLE DIFFERENT like I told you options of how to fix that by next week, so I don't have any more issues.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Awesome, Donna. Okay, I'm going to refill you and then I'll let you go. And if you need anything, like if you're meeting with Becca, do you meet with her individually.
Donna Howard: I'm sick, I would like to, but I am like, because the internet issue and everything. I wasn't able to meet. I don't know when my next one on one and stuff is. And ever since, you know, they haven't been in here so
Donna Howard: I know
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can you can reach out and you know she said she this week, she's dealing with like crisis patients, but if you need her. She says she can make space. You just, you can call and whatever, if you
Donna Howard: Want. Yes, thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, but I'll get you your medication ordered and i'll see you Monday.
Donna Howard: Monday morning. Thank you.
Bye.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Bye Bye bye.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, hello there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to unmute you. Can you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can you hear me.
Vicky French: Can you hear me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, I hear you now.
Vicky French: Okay, okay, this
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is this Vicki.
Vicky French: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: HI, VICKI. Nice to see you. I'm going to rename you on here. Then let me do this. Okay. Okay. Vicki French okay Vicki. I'm Dr. Allah DAG.
I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sorry about the group thing, but there's like a bunch of people today that missed some appointments and we're just trying to make up for the group.
Of Miss group.
Vicky French: I was trying to do it all on my own. So, didn't work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Didn't work. Yeah. So, so I see that you did an intake already like you went into detail about your history and everything yeah fig.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And he he prescribed you medication. But after that, we lost you for like a month.
Vicky French: Yeah, I decided I didn't want to take anything else that you know I needed to start not doing anything like that.
Vicky French: Uh huh. And unfortunately, I
Vicky French: Forget that when things get bad and crazy. It makes me want to run two pills. Yes, not want to do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, I think, I think it's wise of you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To realize that, and I mean you can only experience it yourself and go through it and then you get it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what I mean, like,
Dr. Belis Aladag: People can tell you till whatever but
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not
A bomb.
Vicky French: You know what to I wanted to talk to a doctor about because I can't get him to see a doctor right now nobody will take care of right now.
Um,
Vicky French: I had
Vicky French: A PPO forever and my doctor had beyond colossal pan. Mm hmm. Because I don't sleep. I get four hours of sleep at night. I consider myself a lucky person and it's just getting to be too much again.
Vicky French: Okay, I'm tired kind of grumpy little mean with my husband, he can't go anywhere on the weekends. I'm ready to kill them.
Vicky French: You know, that kind of thing where I'm getting did I have a sister living with me now because she couldn't afford to live on her own.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mm hmm.
Vicky French: It's a dog that barks constantly and I just
Vicky French: Never abused it either. THIS IS THE ONE THING I'VE NEVER ABUSED but the closet patently SLEEPING SLEEPING.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It was a one milligram. Uh huh.
Vicky French: Anyway, and on that.
Vicky French: So once in a while, I would take it during the
Vicky French: Day like mid afternoon.
Vicky French: Yeah.
Vicky French: So what
The doctor had prescribed
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Vicky French: Or not. But it's a copy took me off of it all together.
Vicky French: I see.
Vicky French: So I'm back with my PPO so I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I just want to sleep.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So here's the deal with that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So clonazepam um I know it worked for you before, but it is it is a habit forming medication and it's a benzodiazepine it's not really good for long term use. Um,
Vicky French: Do you think maybe a 30 day just to get through this virus everybody in the house together so I can get some sleep and smile at everybody is like cook every single meal.
Vicky French: Because I ain't doing well.
Vicky French: It's hard when you live with your family.
Vicky French: And my husband's working every day. And that's really bothering me.
Vicky French: Only think about his health. Like every day out there.
Vicky French: Yes, um,
Vicky French: It's really, really hard on me right now, even if you know just try it for 30 days. If you don't want me to have it after that then. Fine.
Vicky French: But I got to get some sleep at night. I can't turn my head off.
Vicky French: Well, we can do
Vicky French: going around and around.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We can we can try some other non benzodiazepine medications.
Vicky French: Have you ever been on I did try to hydrazine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Haha. How did that work for you.
Vicky French: Yeah, nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: didn't really do anything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay so hydroxyl work. There is something called trouser don't have you been on that.
Vicky French: No, no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So trouser don't is asleep medication and it seems to work pretty well. Um, and we can try it. We can see
Dr. Belis Aladag: If you want to try and see if it helps you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sleep. That's something that's a lot safer because it doesn't have that risk of addiction.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, okay, we could try it tries it on
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean a lot of patient has
Dr. Belis Aladag: To like it.
Vicky French: I'm, I'm sorry. You said it. Is it a sleeping pill because I've been on sleeping pills. Well, just that one pill Ambien
Vicky French: I can't take it because it gives me horrible nightmares. Yes.
Vicky French: I mean very vivid very vivid nightmares.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, that sounds bad. So no Ambien. No, I don't mean like that. This is an older okay it used to be, for it's actually an antidepressant anti depressant that have said it's of qualities and nowadays we use it mainly for sleep.
Vicky French: Okay.
Vicky French: Yeah, we know why.
Vicky French: That would help that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, let's try and if we could give you some sleep and some peace of mind, that would be awesome. Let's try it and then see how you do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I would take it.
Vicky French: Okay, thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, of course I would take it maybe 30 minutes before you're going to settle inside your bed, you know, not like an hour before you want to do it like kind of right before you're going to sleep.
Vicky French: Okay.
Vicky French: Is it is like you know like I take sometimes PMS Advil PM, or whatever.
Vicky French: But those in my mind anyway. I think that's what it is, but it makes me get up and have to use the restroom like five times a night when I take those
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh that's odd. Know this, should that
Vicky French: Be okay it's me.
Vicky French: I thought maybe it has some kind of diuretic.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't think so. But, you know, everyone will
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know that shouldn't be happening. I don't know. But this definitely doesn't
Vicky French: So it shouldn't do. Okay, good.
Vicky French: Oh yeah we're good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then for sleep hygiene. You say you have bad sleep for hours a night and stuff do you try to go to bed at the same time every night. Do you have like a ritual with some tea or some calming stuff.
Vicky French: Like what do you usually do have green tea when I go to
Vicky French: Bed. But the thing is, my husband has to get up early. So when he comes into bed I make sure the TV's off the lights off. And if I'm not ready to sleep, which I never am
Vicky French: I just read stuff on my phone, you know, go through Google and that kind of stuff. And I'm usually a wait till good 1112 o'clock, and then when I wake up I pray, it's at least four
Dr. Belis Aladag: So can we try. It's difficult. It's very difficult with the, you know, everything is on our phones but
Dr. Belis Aladag: They say that the blue light. The light from the phones is very disturbing to sleep patterns. So, if possible, could you try to find
Dr. Belis Aladag: Magazines old school books. Things that you meant to read, but you haven't read yet or something and put them by your bedside and try to reach for that with a low lies.
Vicky French: The problem I have to have the light off, I have to have all the lights up. So my husband can sleep.
Vicky French: No, I have to get up golden living room.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you have like a little itty bitty life thing like you know like a
Vicky French: Reno, but I can buy one.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, just buy one from, like, you know, Amazon or something you know those things that you just turn on.
Vicky French: Little LED light.
Vicky French: Know, Amazon is a bad word in my house. You can't see Amazon because my husband works for ups and now they put all the shipping off to ups.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh boy.
Vicky French: He's very angry with Amazon.
Vicky French: I mean, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so you know those little lights. If you could get that. I mean, it's an investment for for a future kind of habit that maybe would be better for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because I know what you're saying. We all do it, you know, just go down the rabbit hole and follow Google and this and that but
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think actually can be more stimulating. I mean, you get tired because your eyes get tired, looking at it, but it's, I think it might be better if you try to do old school, you go to sleep a lot faster you'll be bored. A lot
Vicky French: You know what I love reading I read like a fanatic and but the reason why I don't read my books and I have millions of books but threes and I read them over and over and over. I mean, I can recite books, but I can't at night because like I said, Yo, yo, cuz the lights on.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Vicky French: So anyways,
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I do have lots of books. So yeah, that's a good idea. I'll just buy my
Vicky French: One of those nightlight
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, like you need a reading lamp.
Dr. Belis Aladag: A little
Dr. Belis Aladag: Reading light. Okay, just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Give yourself.
Vicky French: You got to find one.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a good idea. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That'll help me sleep. That's great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah. So let's do that. And then, um, yeah. So you try working on that sleep hygiene, be a bit of like exposure to the phone and trying to like put that away and doing more old school reading
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then, um, and then they say, also, I don't know how reasonable. This is for you. But they see if you are up and you're tossing and turning,
Dr. Belis Aladag: That it's better to get up out of your bed to the living room or wherever, put on a soft light and do some light reading there and then go back when you get
Dr. Belis Aladag: Up because they want your brain to associate sleep with the bed. And so if you're having a miserable time in bed, you kind of associate that so that's another sleep hygiene technique.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so it may not be the worst idea to actually get up if you're really like having trouble just just get up, go to the next room read very soft light and then go back to sleep again.
Vicky French: I used to do that until I gave my. Well, I have a back then with the big TV and everything.
Vicky French: But I had to date that off because my sister who moved in with a dog wants to eat my cat. So I have to keep him in the VAX so now she has the TV in the back and the whole backyard and her room back there. So I'm kind of like confined up to the front to my bedroom, you know, and my
Vicky French: front room, but I don't have a TV. That's kind of sucks.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Vicky French: Okay, get rid of her.
Vicky French: No, I would never do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll figure something out.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. So Vicki. Okay. So, good thing we're going to work on sleep hygiene. We're going to try a new medication that might help you actually get get in, get some good sleep in.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we're going to get you back on the Suboxone so you are on the film once a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Were you taking you there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can you hear me.
Vicky French: Yeah, you know what I was trying to break them in half. Okay, I don't want to. I just want to take one a day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: One A Day and see how it holds you, it should hold your cravings or thoughts about using
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know and and just keep you safe that way. Uh, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let's do it. Let's do that. And let's be consistent about it. Just like the sleep and you wanted to kind of go to bed at the same time you want to wake up at the same time you want to take your medication, same time so that your body kind of is like clockwork. It's used to it.
Vicky French: Okay.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we'll do that will reinstate that now what have, have you been using like hydrocodone oxy codeine other stuff. Like, what have you been using
Vicky French: My time I took one painkiller which was a Norco and one volume cuz I couldn't sleep. My sister had it and otherwise. That was it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Vicky French: Don't really want it is the thing you know when I mean they don't want it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We wanted some type of
Vicky French: Just like whatever I just need to go to sleep.
Vicky French: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'm hoping it look good. So I
Vicky French: I told her to, you know, just keep your stuff in your drawer and she's got all kinds of crazy medication because she's way out there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see.
Vicky French: Your friends in the family here. I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, okay. So yeah, it's very important that you stay away from your sister's stuff and then she doesn't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Give you anything you should talk to her and say, Look man, I'm starting my medication. Again, I can't do this. So if I asked you just remind me and tell me to go away.
Vicky French: I did tell her.
Vicky French: I said, I'm calling the doctor again today. So please, just keep the shift put up kill know come out here with a handful of pills in the morning, taking them looking at me while you're putting them in your throat.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right. Yeah. Yeah. That needs to not be in your face and you need to do whatever you can to avoid that and it's not a solution, as you saw, it's not a solution to your problems. It's not sustainable. It's not, it doesn't make you feel good. It's not good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let's try the Suboxone again so so if that was a while ago hasn't been a couple days, then at least or when did you take that
Vicky French: It's been probably a week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or a week. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So good. So it's at least should be out of your system and you should be good to take your medication starting like now.
Vicky French: If you wanted to good
Vicky French: Okay, I do.
Vicky French: Also
Vicky French: They call them my last prescription to
Vicky French: It's a pharmacy. I've used, but this other pharmacy is a drive through. And now I want to go through a drive through
Vicky French: Good. I get
Vicky French: Called into CVS Londo, California.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, CVS and Mondale
What is the zip code 157
Vicky French: It CVS. It's 1577 something some thing Hawthorne Boulevard.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and what is the zip
Vicky French: Do you see it or no do
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have a zip code. He had it online.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Before 906009 to six. Okay, yeah, I should be able to find it right now. Let me see.
Vicky French: That 157 hundred 57th Street and Hawthorne
Dr. Belis Aladag: Boulevard. Yeah, I haven't. Okay, I'll make it your favorite now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and we'll wait
Dr. Belis Aladag: A pharmacy for some other stuff but CVS is
Vicky French: Okay, yeah. Normally I like to sell a pharmacy, but for drive through right now. I prefer that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, drive through is the way to go. Okay, so you want to take one full film each morning. Let's do that.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that should, you should, you know, just psychologically know like I have this in my system.
Dr. Belis Aladag: There's no need for me to reach out for Norco or anything. It's not going to give me any relief. If anything, this is stronger on my receptors. So if I tried to use a Norco on top. I really wouldn't feel much anyway.
Vicky French: Know someone I know I have the Suboxone. I don't know why I thought. But anyways, when I know I have the Suboxone oh crave anything
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, awesome.
Vicky French: I'm really good that I don't know what that
Vicky French: I mean, I've looked it up and read about it, but it is really for me a miracle saver a lifesaver.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Amazing. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wonderful. So, okay, I have some options for you, Vicki moving forward. So do you have any allergies to medication.
No.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Moving forward, tell me if Fridays at 4pm work for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Does that work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay.
Vicky French: I don't do anything. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Friday at four. Let's do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, so let's let's meet. Let's do a little trial meeting on Friday at four.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And Simon will you'll have a couple of days of the Suboxone and also the the trouser Dawn that you'll try for sleep.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That you can tell me. Okay. Oh yeah, I think it's helping me for sleep or not.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Vicky French: That sounds great.
Vicky French: Yeah, let's do that. I use the same number.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, so for the group on Friday. It's going to be a different number so called the virtual clinic.
Vicky French: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have that information.
Vicky French: Yes, I do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I'll send you a quick email, I'll remember to do that right now. So, you have my email, and then the email will remind you of the virtual clinic number and the 800 number. If you can't get through. But if it's like a 4pm group on Friday, I recommend you call it like 330 and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Say,
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, virtual clinic and you say, Okay, I'm here, I'm supposed to group with Allah DAG Allah DAG and then they'll say, Okay, here's your group number. Here's the survey for you about any sort of drug use or whatever and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Great. Okay. So we're going to do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let me do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then. Yeah. And then after we're done here. You just need to call the pharmacy or like go there.
Vicky French: Okay.
Vicky French: CVS now.
Vicky French: If something should go wrong at the pharmacy, like she doesn't have it, or she doesn't have that strength. Can she changes like just to make up to what it should be. So she doesn't say no, I can't. I can't fill it. I only have four milligrams
Vicky French: Right had him do that before. It's like, well, then give me the four milligrams and I'll take two of them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Adjust the medication.
Vicky French: But sometimes, some of the pharmacists just won't do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I know it does. It is a little bit on to their discretion, but really
Dr. Belis Aladag: It could happen. What you do what my recommendation is always call it don't leave the pharmacy call right heart call the 800 number or the virtual clinic.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And tell them what's happening. So I'm at my thing I find a fill, but they don't have this they have this one, and they're saying they can't change it unless they get permission.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So bright heart. The team has my permission. As a physician, they have my permission to change. There's somebody named Danielle on the team, Danielle has my permission to change the prescription as necessary if if necessary to adjust or whatever. If there needs to be a little
Vicky French: Adjustment. Thank you. That's wonderful. She's
Vicky French: Not the only one who's had this problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know there's people that have those kinds of things happen, or like they say oh no you're not covered if there's any problem with pharmacy stay there and call and ask to speak with Danielle.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, the person that would try to solve the problem for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wonderful and they should be able to help out there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So thank
Vicky French: You so much
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're welcome. Um, I'm
Saying
Dr. Belis Aladag: Go ahead, I'm sorry. I cut you off.
Vicky French: I just to be safe out there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you. Oh, thank you. Yeah. You too. And I'm going to give you something else. I'm going to prescribe it. You don't have to pick it up if you don't feel you need it but
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's just California law, whenever we give any medication that's like sedative or opioid like
Dr. Belis Aladag: We we we prescribe Narcan it's a opioid overdose reversal agent. So like God forbid.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's say you took the Norco and the volume from your sister, something happened and you overdosed and you've passed that and you're not breathing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your husband or whoever in the house could use this to spray in your nose to bring you back from an overdose. It's a temporary thing is something that like emergency personnel have on them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you still need to call 911 and get help, because it's temporary the reversal only is good for like half hour and then the person could slip back into the overdose. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just something to know it's not. It's just a spray in the nose. It's not harmful. So let's see someone has passed out your sister.
Dr. Belis Aladag: God forbid, your sisters passed out and you're like,
Vicky French: Oh, there you go.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I can't wake her up. I don't know what happened. Could it be opioids. I don't know. Let's spray this to see if it'll wake pro ball we call 911 you could do that, it won't harm her
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so it might be good, just for that to have on hand, but just see if it's covered it should be covered.
Vicky French: The insurance cover that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They should they really should. It's a life saving medication, but, you know, check if it's super expensive and you're like, I don't think I'm going to need it. You don't have to buy it but I'm going to prescribe it. Okay.
Vicky French: Okay, great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Alright, so we're going to do that. I think I got all my questions answered. So when you first started this stuff. Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: How old were you like, How long ago did this problem start for you.
Vicky French: It started
Vicky French: Quite a while ago I had gotten hurt really bad at work and I needed surgery but I was on workmen's
Vicky French: comp
Vicky French: Had to go through workman's comp because or I had insurance.
Vicky French: I had to go through workman's comp, but everything is no they send you to a doctor because I had to go get a lawyer because my
Vicky French: Employer wouldn't let me go to a doctor. My doctor won't touch me, because it's at work. So I had to get a lawyer. I had to go to a doctor. Yes, I have to have surgery and I have to have a discrete place.
Vicky French: And workman's comp sent me to 40 million doctors trying to say differently. I mean, if they probably paid more than the surgery cost. So every doctor said no, you can't have it replaced so it was four years before they
Vicky French: Finally, gave me
Vicky French: The BK for a surgery. And during that entire time they did nothing but give me every to every two weeks.
Vicky French: They gave me painkillers.
Vicky French: And well until they got a yes from the Workman's Comp and that was
Vicky French: You know, it was like, I didn't even have a really the last year there was really not a good quality of life, because I was dragging my leg. Because of the back
Vicky French: And, you know, and I was never one to really be in drugs. I don't drink. I do spoke, you know, but I was never one that did that. I was the goody two shoes that said, I'm not doing that.
Vicky French: Everybody said I was the party pooper. Yeah. Then the next thing I know, I'm hooked on
Vicky French: It, you know, when I didn't have it. It was like, I didn't even know what I was going through it. First, I said. She said, I think you're going to withdraw.
Vicky French: Maybe opening you talking about. She goes, you know, and I just was like, Oh, crap. I said, I don't know, but I could kill, kill for one right now, and she'll yeah you're going through withdrawals. And so I had to get help.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. So
Vicky French: And then every once in a while. Now that's a coping mechanism because that's how I coped for so long.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It was that for years. You said
Vicky French: No, it was probably closer to five years ago now. Now,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, five years ago, but how long was the period where they made you wait and but
Vicky French: It's just I was on Suboxone for so long with my doctor and everything was within my husband changed her insurance tizer. And they will prescribe it
Dr. Belis Aladag: What
Vicky French: I was two years.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh my god. Oh, I see. Well, they okay and
Dr. Belis Aladag: I was gonna say, Yeah, I actually just just stopped working for
Dr. Belis Aladag: Kaiser myself. I will
Vicky French: Last you I'm sorry.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I was gonna set
Dr. Belis Aladag: Up Kaiser will not cover it. If you say it's only for pain if you say you're a didn't you have opioid use disorder.
Vicky French: Told me. No, we don't prescribe Suboxone
Vicky French: Hmm.
Vicky French: Didn't get a new
Dr. Belis Aladag: So now you're going to be getting care here. So, that's fine. But just so you know, Kaiser has Addiction Medicine services.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So if you were to say, I have an addiction to opioids.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They would prescribe
Vicky French: I called them, they're the one that told me no
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's very odd.
Vicky French: I, well, you know, that was a person. I talked to Toby know so I waited into November and got my insurance change back to a PPO so that I could get my insurance back and do what I needed to do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I say
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, well, what a story. I'm so sorry I have to go through all that
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I'm okay. But here we are. And you're on. We're going to get you back on, you're going to stay on it, you're going to be regular about it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're going to take care of yourself, because this is important, and I see how this developed as a problem for you. You didn't intend for it to happen. It just kind of happened because of all the descriptions, you were given
Dr. Belis Aladag: For so long.
Vicky French: They just gave it to you. You didn't even have to go get it filled they gave it to you at the doctor's office. Here's your bag by
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Vicky French: Oh,
Vicky French: My sister was like him to heaven. It's like, what
Vicky French: Do you do
Vicky French: I had taken a painkiller one time and it's because I have an inner ear infection and that was back in my 20s. That is the only time I had natural childbirth. So in this happen. It was like, oh my god. How did I become this I don't like it. And I'm really upset. It happened.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so sorry.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so honored to be this way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah of course you you were doing all the right things.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you know, that's why I'm saying what I'm saying about the clonazepam
Vicky French: I want to keep you safe Vicki.
Vicky French: I wanted to prevent problems.
Vicky French: I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Want to create more
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'm really hopeful that this other medications going to be helpful.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Along with the modification and I'm going to work with you. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're doing the right
Dr. Belis Aladag: Stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not your fault, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What happened.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Vicky French: Yeah, just don't ever get hurt at work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We're
Vicky French: Gonna go home and say I did it at all.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Vicky French: Yeah, anyway, it's
Vicky French: Okay, thank you so much, Doctor.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so each other. Friday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Vicky French: You okay, thank you.
Vicky French: Three. Third, have a great week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Bye bye bye bye bye